---
layout: post-right-sidebar
title:  "Shout"
categories: [ featured, newsletter ]
image: assets/images/2.jpg
featured: true
---

Shout is the UK’s first free 24/7 text service for anyone in crisis any-time, anywhere. It’s a 
place to go if you’re struggling to cope and you need immediate help. 

‘Shout’ is powered by a team of volunteers, who are at the heart of the service. They take 
people from crisis to calm every single day. 'The anonymous data we collate gives us unique 
insights into mental health trends to help improve people’s lives'. 

If you’re experiencing a personal crisis, are unable to cope and need support, text Shout to [85258](text:85258). 
<span style="color:red"> BUT - if your life is in imminent danger, call [999](tel:999)  </span>. <br>
We can help with urgent issues such as: 

* Bullying 
* Relationship challenges 
* Suicidal thoughts 
* Abuse or assault 
* Self-harm 

'We will always try to respond to texter's as quickly as possible, however our responses will be 
longer at times of high demand. We will always re-spond to high risk texter's as a priority.’ 
But if you are at imminent risk call 999 and if you are unable to talk dial ‘55’ when prompted. 
If you need another form of support, please review other support agencies here 
at [https://www.headstogether.org.uk/get-support/](https://www.headstogether.org.uk/get-support/)

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex teamed up to launch this text messaging service for people 
experiencing a mental health crisis. They have backed the initiative, called Shout 
with £3m from their Royal Foundation. 

